Team name: Lisa's Friends 

Team members: Lisa Chin Yuen Han, Charmaine Koh, Ong Kok Chung, Jeremiah Benjamin Yong, Jacky Mualim 

Solution name: Parabuddy 

Short description: 
Parabuddy aims to guide operational paramedics calmly through 
time-critical procedures step-by-step to ensure that entire 
procedure was performed accurately and fully. This is done with 
the help of a virtual assistant which will be fed with knowledge 
of vitals in time of emergency and processing them to churn out 
vocal instructions back for the paramedic. SCDF Academy can 
also pick it up as an educational tool for novice paramedics or 
deploy them for operation in times where SCDF may be 
short-handed during times like in the pandemic.

Pitch video: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dz43S7uF3YA

Detailed solution: 
Parabuddy acts as a buddy of an on-ground paramedic, and it 
assists the paramedic to act accurately when encountering an 
emergency alone, especially in times when short-staffed. Having 
trained with the equipment to measure vitals, the paramedic 
can perform the routine vitals checking as a start when first 
arriving on-site with the app next to them. 

The app having speech-to-text capabilities will be able to 
capture all the necessary information as he says it out, turning 
them into insights with smart reading system from IBM Watson 
API. With the insights, it generates a series of procedures to 
guide the paramedic, by reading step by step out through
text-to-speech, as though it is a human assistant. This will 
provide affirmation to the paramedic performing CPR or other 
time-critical measures to resolve the emergency. This app can 
help  further boost training capabilities in SCDF Academy and 
double up as a training tool as well for beginners. 

All in all, when facing a risky emergency on ground, Parabuddy
aims to calmly bring the paramedic through critical procedures 
to save lives independently, with the help of a smart assistant.

Mockup: 
https://www.figma.com/proto/T3SI7qHv4qBPZEOXXjB37t/myresponder-2.0?node-id=3%3A9&frame-preset-name=iPhone%2011%20Pro%20Max&scaling=scale-down&page-id=0%3A1

Demo of using speech to fill in form: Please refer to the file Demo.mov in this repository.

Click below for instructions on deploying the Node.js server.
[![local](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/IBM/pattern-utils/master/deploy-buttons/local.png)](doc/source/local.md) 

IBM Cloud used: 
Speech to text 
